Allow specifying a custom bundle gemfile path (#520)
Shopify/vscode-ruby-lsp: README.md

"rubyLsp.formatter": "auto"
```

> #### Using a custom Gemfile

Reviewer: Perhaps we can give example of situations where this would be necessary?

Reviewer: I think re-stating what you said in the PR description is sufficient:

> If you are working on a project using an older version of Ruby not supported by Ruby LSP, then you will need you specify a separate `Gemfile` for development tools. You can include the `ruby-lsp` in it and point to that Gemfile by using the following configuration:

> If you wish to use a Gemfile separate from your project for development tools, you can include the `ruby-lsp` in it and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working on a project using an older version of Ruby not supported by Ruby LSP, then you will need you specify a separate `Gemfile` for development tools. You can include the `ruby-lsp` in it and point to that Gemfile by using the following configuration:
```

> point to that Gemfile by using the following configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
